Add olinda/s87 keyboard (#25413)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/olinda/s87/readme.md

# s87

![Photo](https://github.com/csjgu2017/images/blob/main/key87.jpg)

A customizable 80% encoder keyboard.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [csj](https://github.com/csjgu2017)
* Hardware Supported: s87
* Hardware Availability:[csj](https://github.com/csjgu2017)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make olinda/s87:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make olinda/s87:default:flash

> 
> **Reset Key**: Hold down the key located at *K01*, which programmed as *Esc* while plugging in the keyboard.
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader 

* **Reset Key**: Hold down the key located at *K(0,0)*, which programmed as *Esc* while plugging in the keyboard.
```
